Team Data Science Process for DevOps
====================================

In this hands-on workshop, you’ll cover a series of modules that guide you in
understanding how to integrate DevOps (Developer Operations) and the Team Data
Science Process. You’ll learn how to work through a real-world DevOps and TDSP
scenario using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning Services along with other
Microsoft technologies. You'll learn how to modify the solution we create in the
class solution for implementations in your own scenarios.

This course is designed to take approximately one day.

Getting Started
===============

You’ll need a laptop that you can install software on, a Microsoft Azure
account, experience with Machine Learning and Programming, along with several
other pre-requisites. See the “README.md” file in the “Students” folder for a
full list prior to taking this course.

Important – These pre-requisites are essential to have \*before\* you attempt
this class. Many concepts will not be covered that are essential to have as a
background for this material.

If these pre-requisites are new to you, there is a complete Learning Path in the
“Instructions” folder called “Learning Path - Devops for Data Science.md” that
you can use to learn these technologies and processes. You should be able to
complete all tasks in that Learning Path prior to attending this course.

Course Modules
--------------

### 1 – Understanding Advanced Analytics

*NOTE: Much of the setup must be accomplished prior to class. See the
“README.md” file in the “Students” folder for these requirements.*

### 2 – The Team Data Science Process

### 3 – Developer Operations (DevOps) Overview

### 4 – The Data Science / DevOps Differences

Build and Test
==============

This project contains three folders:

### Instructions

Materials needed to teach or prepare for this course are stored here.

### Instructor

All source training materials, PowerPoint files, and other teaching resources
are located here.

### Students

Pre-Requisites, Student Workbooks, Resource files, Data Sources and other
student assets are located here.

Contributing
============

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require
you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have
the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For
details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether
you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label,
comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need
to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of
Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information
see the [Code of Conduct
FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
<opencode@microsoft.com> with any additional questions or comments.

License
=======

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT
License.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of
Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information
see the [Code of Conduct
FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
<opencode@microsoft.com> with any additional questions or comments.
